“NOT I – NOT ANYONE else, can travel that road for you, You must travel it for yourself.” – Walt Whitman

“People don’t take trips – trips take people.” – John Steinbeck

“You step onto the road, and if you don’t keep your feet, there’s no knowing where you might be swept off to.” – J.R.R. Tolkien

“The world is a book and those who do not travel read only a page.” – St. Augustine

“We shall not cease from exploration and the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time.” – T. S. Elliot  

“A traveller without observation is a bird without wings.” – Moslih Eddin Saadi  

“Twenty years from now you will be more disappointed by the things you didn’t do than by the ones you did do. So throw off the bowlines, sail away from the safe harbor. Catch the trade winds in your sails. Explore. Dream. Discover.” – Mark Twain

“The real voyage of discovery consists not in seeking new landscapes but in having new eyes.” – Marcel Proust

“A good holiday is one that is spent among people whose notions of time are vaguer than yours.” – J.B. Priestley  

“A good traveller leaves no track.” – Tao Tse Chung  

“If a man be gracious and courteous to strangers, it shows he is a citizen of the world, and that his heart is no island cut off from other lands but a continent that joins to them.” – Francis Bacon   

“For my part, I travel not to go anywhere, but to go. I travel for travels sake. The great affair is to move.” – Robert Louis Stevenson  

“Through travel I first became aware of the outside world; it was through travel that I found my own introspective way into becoming a part of it.” – Eudora Welty

“I love to travel, But hate to arrive” – Albert Einstein   

“A child on a farm sees a plane fly by overhead and dreams of a faraway place A traveler on the plane sees the farmhouse and dreams of home.” – Carl Burns

“When preparing to travel, lay out all your clothes and all your money. Then take half the clothes and twice the money.” – Susan Heller   

“No one realizes how beautiful it is to travel until he comes home and rests his head on his old, familiar pillow.” – Lin Yutang

“Travel is fatal to prejudice, bigotry, and narrow-mindedness, and many of our people need it sorely on these accounts. Broad, wholesome, charitable views of men and things cannot be acquired by vegetating in one little corner of the earth all one’s lifetime.” – Mark Twain

“The traveler was active; he went strenuously in search of people, of adventure, of experience. The tourist is passive; he expects interesting things to happen to him. He goes ‘sight-seeing’.” – Daniel J. Boorstin

“I can’t think of anything that excites a greater sense of childlike wonder than to be in a country where you are ignorant of almost everything.” – Bill Bryson  

“Here I am, safely returned over those peaks from a journey far more beautiful and strange than anything I had hoped for or imagined – how is it that this safe return brings such regret?” – Peter Mathiesson

“I haven’t been everywhere, but it’s on my list.” – Susan Sontag  

“Travel like Gandhi, with simple clothes, open eyes and an uncluttered mind.” – Rick Steves 

“A ship is safe in the harbor, but that’s not what ships are built for.” – Gael Attal

“If you reject the food, ignore the customs, fear the religion and avoid the people, you might better stay at home.” — James Michener

“I see my path, but I don’t know where it leads. Not knowing where I’m going is what inspires me to travel it.” — Rosalia de Castro

“One of the great things about travel is that you find out how many good, kind people there are.” — Edith Wharton

“When you travel, remember that a foreign country is not designed to make you comfortable. It is designed to make its own people comfortable.” – Clifton Fadiman

“I have found out that there ain’t no surer way to find out whether you like people or hate them than to travel with them.” – Mark Twain

“Kilometers are shorter than miles. Save gas, take your next trip in kilometers.” – George Carlin.
